---
layout: post
title:  "Why did I get into software development:"
date:   2016-10-05 16:55:20 +0000
---


Why did I get into software development? I got into coding for few reasons but most of all because it was something that I always wanted to learn during later part of 1990’s when i received my first computer. While I was growing up I spend a lot of time thinking to be a electronic engineer or to become a computer programmer. I always felt like I wanted to be creative and work with my hands, I was a bit destructive during my youth years :-) with electronic equipment especially taking apart hand-held games and see what was inside of them, I was qurious. I broke alot then i fixed.....as the years went by that curosity went beyond that.  I eventually did become an electronic aprentice during early 1990’s as an electronic pay phone  technician, yes remember the old pay phones that are almost non existent today;  I repaired, installed electronic pay phones for about 4years.  During my time as an pay phone techinican, one of my other responsibilities was to maintain there computer systems and thats how i got invovled on working on computers; few years had gone by and the pay phone industry was over due to the cell phone emergence, so as the computer world slowly progressed I became curious about the computer revolution and wanted to learn more about it; same-time Borland C & CC++ was popular and tried my hand at it but was difficult to grasp during the college years.....nevertheless, I continued on to get into working on computers as an computer technician and progressed slowly up the ranks as an Unix / Linux Analyst for HP & now with JPM.  As the years passed I got more and more involved as an Unix/Linux Analyst from the operations side but my focus lately has been wanted to get into some kind of development.  I think it was time for me be to pursue something different than what I’ve been doing for past 17years.  I have always wanted to learn the many languages that are out there now, especially Python, Swift, Javascript & Ruby.  These many languages are powerful in creating & developing many solutions.

Its awesome to create, develop & collaborate, something from scratch and see it through.  Creating & developing solutions for real world scenarios is an accomplishment. It can be rewarding to be able to solve real world problems.  At the end of the day, if am able to help create, develope a solution for a company, or helping out for real world solutions for people to use, that in itself is something rewarding.  Coding is challenging, your always trying to figuring out a solution, its like a big puzzle, your always learning new concepts, and improving how to code between the many languages.
